DECLARATION OF BY-LAWS OF
MAJESTIC WOODS SOUTH ASSOCIATION, LTD
AND
COVENANTS AND RESTRICTIONS OF 
MAJESTIC WOODS SOUTH SUBDIVISION

Majestic Woods South Association, Ltd (hereinafter "Association"), being a duly 
organized Wisconsin non-stock corporation, does hereby make and declare these to be the By- 
Laws of said corporation, and the Covenants and Restrictions applicable to each and every Lot, 
Unit or Parcel representing membership therein, and Majestic Woods, LLC (hereinafter 
"Declarant”) as owner of Lots One (1) through Forty One (41) of the plat of Majestic Woods South 
Subdivision and as owner of Units One (1) through Nine (9) of the plat of Majestic Woods South 
Condominiums does hereby make and declare the Covenants and Restrictions herein to be 
covenants and restrictions running with said Lots, Units and premises.


I. MEMBERS.

A. The members of the Association shall be the owners of each Lot in the platted 
subdivision of Majestic Woods South and the owners of each condominium Unit in the 
Majestic Woods South Condominium plat, both plats being located in the Town of Eau 
Galle, County of Dunn, State of Wisconsin.

B. Hereinafter any reference to “Subdivision" is a reference to the Majestic Woods South 
Subdivision in the Town of Eau Galle, County of Dunn, State of Wisconsin. Any 
reference to “Lot" is a reference to a Lot in said Subdivision. Any reference to 
“Condominium” is a reference to the Majestic Woods South Condominium Plat in the 
Town of Eau Galle. County of Dunn, State of Wisconsin. Any reference to “Unit” is a 
reference to a condominium Unit in said condominium plat.

C. Each Lot or Unit shall be entitled to one vote in any matter pertaining to these By-Laws 
and this non-stock corporation, regardless of (he total number of owners of a particular 
Lot/Unit. No fractional votes shall be permitted in any matter pertaining to the business of 
this corporation.



II.  PURPOSE.

The purpose of this Declaration is to:

• Insure the best use and most appropriate development of each Lot / Unit

• To protect owners of Lots  1 Units against those uses of neighboring Lots / Units which 
  would detract from the value of their property

• To preserve the natural beauty of said property

• To guard against the construction of poorly designed structures

• To obtain harmonious use of building materials, color schemes and appearances

• To insure the highest and best residential development of said property

• To encourage and secure construction of attractive homes

• To address the maintenance and care for shared roads, ponds and ditches

• To prevent haphazard and inharmonious improvement in said property
  And thereby to preserve and enhance the values of investments made by purchasers of 
  the Lots and Units.



III. USE RESTRICTIONS

The following use restrictions and limitations shall apply and run as covenants with the 
land and be appurtenant to each of the Lots I Units:

A. PRIVATE ROAD.

1. The private road so designated and shown on the plat of the Subdivision shall be owned 
by the Association. The owners of each Lot / Unit shall have a nonexclusive, perpetual 
and appurtenant easement over said road. The easement shall be for ingress, egress 
and utility purposes. Use of the road shall be subject to this Declaration.

2. The private road and its shoulder and ditches (all identified herein as ’’road") shall not be 
blocked with or by anything that would interfere with the free and unimpeded flow of 
traffic. No signs shall be placed upon said road except as directed and approved by the 
Association.

3. No vehicle shall operate on said road in excess of a speed of 25 miles per hour. The 
owner(s) of each parcel shall maintain their respective Lot / Unit, including mowing of 
same, up to the adjoining surfaced (i.e,, graveled) portion of said road.

4. No gates or other encroachments may be placed upon the road except by the 
Association. No improvements shall be made to the road except as approved by the 
Association.

5. No trees, shrubs, or other vegetation, except grass customarily grown on residential 
properties, may be placed within the dimensions of the road.


B. LAND USE AND BUILDING TYPES.

The Lots / Units shall be used only for single family residential purposes.


C. STRUCTURES.

Any dwelling (home) which is constructed on any Lot, excluding Condominium Units, 
shall contain (a) a minimum living area of at least nine hundred (900) square feet on the 
first floor above grade, and (b) no less than a total of one thousand two hundred (1,200) 
square feet above grade. An attached garage shall not count in the calculations of either 
of those figures. It shall also be subject to the additional following requirements:

1. The height of the home shall be not less than eighteen (18) feet and not more than thirty- 
five (35) feet.

2. The roof of the home shall be of at least an 8-12 pitch on at least 60% of the roof line.

3. No fences shall be allowed other than an invisible type fence for purposes of constraining 
pets within the property line.

4. No used buildings may be moved onto the lot. No mobile homes, shack tents, barns or 
buildings of a temporary nature shall remain on the lot other than during the time of 
construction.

5. No mobile homes, nor modular or prefab homes, are allowed unless the structure is 
substantially and primarily constructed on the site.

6. All exterior surfaces of any structure on the lot shall be made of either wood, stucco, 
stone or brick. No vinyl or steel siding is allowed. James Hardy or Certainteed materials 
are acceptable as long as they are of the wood grain variety. Exterior colors must be earth tones.

7. No earth homes, octagons, or abnormally shaped structures are permitted.

8. One detached shed, garage or storage building is allowed on the lot as long as it is of the 
same architectural design as the home and materials and colors matching those of the 
home are used. This additional structure shall not exceed one thousand two hundred 
(1,200) square feet in size and shall have a maximum height of 30 feet.

9. Specific provision with respect to Lot Ten (10) and the existing garage: the buyer of this 
Lot shall have two years from the date of closing to either tear down the garage or re-side 
it such that it meets the above requirements as it relates to exterior composition and 
color. The buyer of this lot shall also have two years to eliminate the outhouse currently 
on the structure and return the ground underneath it to a state matching the ground 
adjoining it

10. Specific provision with respect to Lot Eleven (11) and the existing house, the buyer of this 
lot shall have a period of two years from the date of closing to re-side the house such that 
it meets the above requirements as it relates to exterior compositions and color. The 
siding cannot be steel or vinyl.

11. Specific provision with respect to Lot Eighteen (18): the driveway to the lot must enter 
from the southeastern-most part of the lot. Moreover, the westerly fifty (50) feet of the lot 
must be left untouched; no trees or underbrush may be cut or trimmed in any way on the 
said westerly fifty (50) feet.


D. COMPLETION DATES.

Exterior construction of a dwelling on a Lot / Unit shall be completed not more than one 
(1) year from the commencement of construction. Completion of landscaping and a solid 
surfaced driveway shall be fully accomplished no later than one (1) year from the date of 
the issuance of the occupancy permit, or if no occupancy permit is required to be issued, 
then no later than two (2) years front commencement of construction.


E. BUILDING SETBACKS, ZONING REGULATIONS.

All uses on the Lots / Units shall comply with applicable Dunn County zoning regulations, 
including front, rear and side yard setback requirements, and all other pertinent 
ordinances, rules and regulations of the Town of Eau Galle, County of Dunn and State of 
Wisconsin.


F. EASEMENTS

All easements shown on the subdivision plat and condominium plat for installation and 
maintenance of utilities, stormwater management ponds and berms, ditches, the private 
road and community septic system, as designated on said plats or as referred to in deeds 
of conveyance of the Lots / Units, shall be subject to the following:
Within and upon these easements, no structure, planting or other material shall be placed 
or permitted to remain which may damage or interfere with the installation and 
maintenance of utilities, or which may change the direction or flow of drainage channels 
in the easements, or which obstruct or retard the flow of water through channels in the 
easements, or which obstruct access and usage of the road. That portion of each Lot/ 
Unit which is subject to any of the aforesaid easements shall be maintained by the 
owner(s) of the said Lot  I Unit except insofar as the improvements are those in 
connection with which a public authority or utility company is responsible. The reference 
to "maintenance" in the previous sentence means that the Lot owner shall be responsible 
for such things as lawn mowing and keeping the premises otherwise free of debris. This 
section does not obligate the owner of a Lot / Unit to maintain roads, ponds, ditches, 
community septic system, septic system mains or connectors, except as otherwise 
provided herein as a member of the Association.


G. VEHICLES.

1. Provision shall be made on each building site containing a single-family dwelling for the 
on-site inside storage of at least two (2) passenger automobiles, small trucks, or vans 
through either an attached garage or detached garage/storage building. No untitled automobiles 
may be parked or stored on the premises unless done so within the confines of a garage or 
storage building.

2. A driveway of gravel, cement or asphalt shall be constructed connecting the garage or 
storage building to the private road serving the parcels.

3. No heavy equipment or trucks larger than passenger type pickup trucks may be parked 
on the premises other than during times of construction, or when such trucks are on the 
premises to perform service on the home, or during times of moving in or out of the 
home.

4. Prior to the completion of construction of a single family dwelling on the Lot / Unit, a 
recreational vehicle, travel trailer, motor home or camper may be used by an Owner on 
their Lot / Unit for not more than fourteen (14) days in a row and a maximum of sixty (60) 
days per year, assuming such use complies with all Township or County ordinances. 
Said vehicle may not be left on a Lot / Unit unattended in excess of these time period 
limitations.

5. After completion of construction of a single family dwelling on the Lot I Unit, no 
recreational vehicles, travel trailers, motor homes or campers, unless parked inside a 
garage or storage building, may be parked on the Lot / Unit for more than seven (7) days 
in a row or more than thirty (30) days per year.

6. Boats, trailers, snowmobiles, ATVs, etc. (unless parked inside a garage or storage 
building) may not be parked on the premises for more than fourteen (14) days in a row or 
for more than sixty (60) days a year and must be parked upon the driveway area (i.e., not 
on the lawn or upon concrete pads placed adjacent to the driveway, the dwelling or 
elsewhere on the premises).

7. Any use of ATVs, snowmobiles and the like within the subdivision must either occur on 
the road while entering or exiting subdivision or must be used in the course of performing 
maintenance and upkeep work on the Lot / Unit


H. ANIMALS AND POULTRY.

Dogs, cats and other household pets may be kept on the Lot / Unit provided that they are 
not kept, bred, or maintained for any commercial purposes, or allowed to annoy 
neighbors. Dogs must have no visible kennels and no fencing is allowed other than 
invisible fencing. No other animals, livestock, or poultry of any kind shall be raised, bred, 
or kept on any Lot / Unit. Horses shall not be allowed to be kept within the Subdivision.


I. TREE AND BRUSH REMOVAL

Declarant emphasizes their commitment to maintaining the natural beauty and privacy of 
the Lots / Units and the property as a whole. Maintenance and preservation of existing 
trees and vegetation is the primary way this is accomplished. Removal of only the 
minimum amount of vegetation and foliage is encouraged. No part of this section may be 
altered, revised, or otherwise eliminated at any time in the future, even by unanimous 
vote of the Association.

1. Compliance with any and all existing Township, County, State and/or DNR regulations or 
ordinances as they pertain to the preservation or removal of trees and vegetation is 
required and takes precedence over any provisions set forth below.

2. The Owner may remove trees and vegetation for purposes of construction of their home, 
garage/storage building, and driveway. Beyond said needs, there shall be no tree or brush 
removal within fifteen (15) feet of any Lot / Unit line, unless said removal falls within 
the view corridor outlined below or said removal is approved by Declarant or the 
Association.

3. The owner of a Lot / Unit which borders Lake Eau Galle may, within the thirty (30) foot 
wide view corridor (being the width one can cut and trim trees and brush between the 
principal dwelling structure and the lakeshore), remove ONLY those trees that have a 
circumference at their widest point of sixteen (16) inches or less (approximately five 
inches in diameter) and may trim only those branches that have a circumference at their 
widest point of thirteen (13) inches or less (approximately four inches in diameter).
Note: Circumference takes precedence over diameter in determining compliance with this 
Declaration.

4. Owner may request of Declarant specific exceptions to these restrictions. After the 
owner of a Lot / Unit has completed removal within the above guidelines, Owner can 
request a tour of property with Declarant and indicate their desire with respect to any 
additional tree or vegetation removal. The request may be made of the Association after 
all Lots / Units have been sold by Declarant Declarant (or the Association, as the case 
may be) shall record in the office of the Dunn County Register of Deeds its approval of 
any removal requests that are granted, and only after this pre-approval is given and 
recorded may the removal occur.

5. Due to the irreversible consequences of tree and branch removal, the Owner agrees to 
pay an assessment of five hundred dollars ($500.00) for every circumference inch (or 
part thereof) of tree or branch removal that exceeds the cutting limitations set forth in K3 
above, takes place outside of the view corridor or is otherwise unauthorized by Declarant 
(or the Association in the event that the Declarant has sold all Lots / Units in the 
Subdivision). With respect to trees or branches that are of a circumference of thirty (30) 
inches or more, the assessment shall increase to one thousand dollars ($1,000.00) per 
circumference inch. The assessment due hereunder shall be immediately due and 
payable upon the unauthorized tree or branch removal and without any further action on 
the part of the Declarant or Association. The assessment shall immediately and without 
any further action or notice whatsoever become a lien against the Lot / Unit upon which 
the tree or branch removal occurred. Measurement of circumference shall be made at 
the ground level with respect to trees, and at the point at which the branch connects to 
the trunk with respect to branches. The assessment shall be paid to the Nature 
Conservancy by the Association after deducting any costs of collection. The owner of the 
Lot / Unit shall be responsible for all attorney's fees and the cost of collection with 
respect to any such assessment and these costs shall be added to and become part of the 
assessment lien. Note: the assessment for unauthorized cutting outside the view corridor 
shall be based upon the total circumference inches of each branch or tree removed, as 
the case may be. 


J. SIGNS AND UTILITIES.

With the exception of signs such as "Welcome to Our Family's Cabin", or signs displaying 
the name of Owner, no Owner of a Lot I Unit shall post any permanent signs upon said 
Lot  I Unit, and no signs advertising an Owner's business or trade activity shall ever be 
posted or erected. Temporary political signs may be posted as long as they are 
displayed only during an active campaign, are limited to one per candidate and do not 
exceed six (6) square feet in area. One sign of not more than six square feet in area 
advertising the property for sale is permitted. For Sale signs shall not be posted on the 
property by any parties other than Legacy Land Group until all parcels are sold within the 
Subdivision unless express written consent of the Declarant is obtained. All utilities shall 
be placed underground. No satellite dishes over 24 inches in diameter are allowed.


K. EXTERIOR LIGHTING.

No owner shall construct or display any type of permanent lighting outside of their 
buildings except for simple incandescent bulbs which serve to illuminate the doors to said 
buildings or to illuminate a deck or walkway. Such exterior lights must be attached to a 
building. Exterior lights may not be left on overnight; they must be motion activated if 
used after 10 pm. All exterior lighting shall be hooded or shaded so that all exterior 
lighting is directed at or below a horizontal line which intersects the source (bulb element) 
of exterior lighting.


L. OFFENSIVE ACTIVITY

There shall be no piling or burning of trash on said premises, nor noxious or offensive 
trade activity conducted. No activity shall be done thereon which may be or may become 
an annoyance or nuisance to other owners within the Subdivision. The Subdivision is 
intended to bestow upon the members of the Association a feeling of retreat and privacy. 
Therefore, no loud music or similar noise, or parties, may be permitted on any Lot / Unit 
which interferes with any other Lot / Unit owner, Lot / Unit occupant or neighbor’s 
enjoyment of their premises. No music or other amplified sound may be played in such 
manner such that it is audible to a person with normal range of hearing beyond the Lot / 
Unit line of the Lot / Unit from which the sound emanates.


M. HUNTING.

No firearm hunting is allowed within the Subdivision. The discharging of firearms for 
target practice within the Subdivision is also prohibited.


N. FURTHER SUBDIVISION.

There shall be no further subdivision of any Lot / Unit. The maximum number of Lots / 
Units shall be as shown on the applicable plats.


O. MAINTENANCE OF PROPERTY.

Each Owner shall keep all Lots / Units owned by such Owner, and all improvements 
therein or thereon, in good order and repair and free of debris, all in a manner as is 
consistent with good property management. Where a Lot / Unit owner fails to maintain 
his/her Lot / Unit, the Declarant or Association may, upon three (3) days advance notice 
to the Lot / Unit owner, undertake the maintenance necessary to restore the premises to 
good order and repair, or free of debris, and the cost thereof shall be immediately 
assessed against the Lot / Unit without any further notice or proceeding whatsoever.


P. EROSION CONTROL & RAIN GARDENS.

Lots One (1) through Fourteen (14) of the Subdivision and Units Two (2) through Nine (9) 
in the Condominium Plat are required to construct a rain garden to assist in the collection 
of rainwater runoff from the driveway, house, and any other outbuilding. The exact 
nature of the rain garden required will depend upon the length of the driveway and the 
size and placement of buildings. The rain gardens shall be constructed in accordance 
with with design specifications as modified, from time to time, in two DNR publications found 
at the following web site: HTTP://clean-water.uwex.edu/pubs/raingarden/

In the event such site no longer exists then the last such publications on that site shall be 
deemed incorporated herein by reference and shall constitute the standards in 
accordance with which the rain gardens must be constructed.

The buyer of Lot Eleven (11) shall have two years from date of purchase to install a rain 
garden system around the existing house in accordance with the forgoing standards.
Within the view corridor and on any other part of Owner's Lot / Unit, Owner Is encouraged 
to plant vegetation and engage in any other prudent steps to minimize erosion.



IV. MAINTENANCE & UTILITIES

A. SHARED MAINTENANCE OF THE ROAD.

All Owners of Lots / Units in the Subdivision and the Condominium Plat (with the 
exception of Lot Forty One (41) whose owner will not use the private road) shall share 
equally in the right to use and in the obligation to maintain and repair the road. Any 
expense, other than contracted snow removal and grading, which is in excess of one 
hundred dollars ($100) per Lot / Unit per calendar year must be expressly agreed upon 
by at least a two-thirds majority vote of all members. Each Lot / Unit is entitled to one 
vote as set forth at paragraph 5D.

B. SHARED MAINTENANCE OF STORMWATER MANAGEMENT AREAS.

The ditches and pond areas constructed along the road and in oilier designated areas of 
the Subdivision and Condominium Plat, including the swale and dry pond area lying north 
of the Subdivision, which exist for the purpose of managing the runoff of stormwater 
within the Subdivision in an environmentally satisfactory manner, shall be maintained as 
directed and required by the Department of Natural Resources and/or the board of 
directors of the Association or Declarant (as long as Declarant owns any Lots / Units in 
the Subdivision). The DNR requires that these ponds be inspected semi-annually and 
maintained in a manner which ensures their adequate performance for their intended 
purpose. Declarant shall be responsible for the initial construction of the ponds and the 
associated ditches, as well as initially contracting for such maintenance and 
improvement. After Declarant no longer owns any Lots I Units in the Subdivision or the 
Condominium Plat, the Association shall be responsible for continuing to contract for the 
inspection, maintenance and improvement of same. The Association shall assume all 
liability for failure to keep the ditches and ponds in good working order. The costs 
associated therewith (except initial construction) shall be paid by the Association. To the 
extent necessary the Association may levy an assessment against the members to obtain 
necessary funds to perform inspection, maintenance and improvements. The 
assessments shall be levied in equal shares against all members, i.e., all owners of Lots / 
Units. This maintenance obligation is one which shall run with the land and be binding 
upon the owners of, and appurtenant to, the Lots / Units. This paragraph may not be 
changed or modified to lessen the maintenance obligation, even by unanimous vote.

C. COMMUNITY SEPTIC SYSTEM.

Lots One (1) through Fourteen (14) in the Subdivision and Units Two (2) through Nine (9) 
of the Condominium Plat shall have access to and the right to use a Community Septic 
System (CSS). The CSS shall be constructed at Declarant’s expense. The conveyances 
of said Lots and Units shall be subject to an easement twenty-five (25) feet in width, for 
purpose of construction, installation, repair, and maintenance of the sewer mains referred 
to herein. In addition, the conveyances of Lots Fifteen (15) and Nineteen (19) shall be 
subject to an easement for purposes of construction, installation, repair and maintenance of 
the drain field for the CSS. At the time of the execution of this Declaration it has not yet 
been determined by the design engineer of the CSS precisely where the sewer mains 
and drain fields shall be placed. It is intended the mains shall follow the portion of the 
private road running approximately parallel to Lake Eau Galle from Unit Nine (9) in the 
South, Northerly and Northwesterly to a cul-de-sac terminating at Lot Fourteen (14). At 
such time as the sewer mains have been laid the Declarant shall file an amendment to 
these By-Laws, better defining the location of the easement described in this paragraph 
and that description shall become the permanent description of said sewer main 
easement.

1. Declarant shall be responsible for constructing and installing the CSS in good, working 
order. Thereafter, each Lot / Unit owner having access to the CSS shall be responsible to 
share in the cost of any inspection, maintenance, operation, or repair activities required of 
the CSS after its initial construction. All costs and fees associated therewith shall be 
shared equally by the owners of Lots / Units which can be served by such system. 
Though no owner of a Lot / Unit shall be required to use the CSS, the owner of a Lot / 
Unit which has access to the CSS shall share in the cost of inspection, maintenance, 
operation, and repair. Each Lot / Unit owner's responsibility to share in such expense 
shall be determined by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the number of Lots / 
Units owned by that owner and the denominator of which shall be the total number of 
Lots / Units which can be served by the system.

2. The Association shall be responsible for arranging the necessary inspection, 
maintenance and repair of the CSS. The Association may form a special committee to 
address these issues composed solely of those Lots and Units served by the CSS.

3. Each Lot/Unit owner is responsible for the cost of connection of their dwelling to the 
Community Septic System. The Declarant shall charge a hook-up assessment of 
$7,500.00 to each Lot / Unit which has access to the CSS. This charge shall be fully due 
and payable to Declarant by the owner of each Lot / Unit on the date their residence 
connects to the CSS, or May 1, 2008, whichever is earlier. No interest shall be charged 
with respect to this assessment. In (he event any such hook-up assessment is not 
paid within the time frame aforementioned, Declarant may elect to direct the Association 
to levy an assessment against the Lot / Unit for the balance due for such hook-up 
assessment, together with any costs and fees as may be incurred by Declarant and/or 
the Association. The Association shall be required to impose the assessment lien 
against the Lot / Unit. All amounts collected shall be paid to Declarant; except, however, 
the Association may also collect against the Lot / Unit those reasonable charges incurred 
by the Association in the collection of the assessment hook-up charge. The assessment 
hook-up charge shall be deemed automatically made and levied against, and therefore 
automatically attaches, to the Lot / Unit if the payment is not timely made without any 
further official action by the Association. The Secretary/Treasurer of the Association is 
authorized to issue a release or waiver of this hook-up assessment charge after the 
expiration of the applicable aforesaid two year period provided Declarant has furnished 
said Secretary/Treasurer, in writing, a statement that the hook-up assessment for the Lot 
/ Unit has been fully paid. Any such waiver shall be executed by the Association in 
recordable form. 


D. ELECTRIC UTILITY SERVICE

Electric utility service shall be installed in the Subdivision and Condominium by 
Declarant. It shall be installed in conjunction with construction of the road. The electrical 
service shall be underground and shall lie within the boundaries of the road or the utility 
easement shown on the Subdivision plat and Condominium plat.



V. MISCELLANEOUS

A. SCHOOL BUS PROVISION.

As the roads in the Subdivision and Condominium are private and there is no easily 
accessible turnaround for a school bus, Lot and Unit owners are hereby advised that 
school buses will not enter the Subdivision for pickup or drop-off of children. Instead the 
pickup/drop-off point is to be at the intersection of Hie private road and C.T.H. "Z".

B. BINDING TERMS.

This Declaration of By-Laws (and Covenants and Restrictions) shall run with the land and 
shall be deemed rights and obligations appurtenant to the Lots and Units referred to 
herein and shall be binding upon the successors, heirs, and assigns to the Owners 
thereof.

C. TERMS.

1. Unless amended, as herein provided, this Declaration shall run with the land and shall be 
binding upon all persons claiming under the undersigned for a period of forty (40) years 
from the date this Declaration is initially recorded. For a period of five (5) years from the 
date of the recording of this Declaration or until one hundred percent (100%) of the Lots / 
Units have been sold by the Declarant, whichever shall first occur, this Declaration may 
be amended by a recordable written instrument executed by Declarant, its successors 
and/or assigns. Thereafter this Declaration may be amended only at an annual meeting 
or a special meeting called for that purpose, and only by at least a 75% majority vote of 
all Owners, whether present at the meeting or not.

2. After the expiration of such 40 year period, this Declaration, as presently written, or as so 
amended, shall be automatically extended for successive periods of ten (10) years, 
unless an instrument executed by at feast a 75% majority of the then owners of the Lots / 
Units has been recorded to abolish or change the same in whole or in part. The specific 
covenants regarding removal of trees and vegetation are excluded from this provision 
and may not be amended or altered at any time or by any manner.


D. ANNUAL MEETING; SPECIAL MEETINGS; VOTING.

1. There shall be an annual meeting of the Association at 5 pm on the 3rd Saturday in May 
of each year commencing with the 3rd Saturday of May in the year 2006. No written 
notice need be given of the annual meeting. The annual meeting shall take place 
outdoors at the intersection of the private road in the subdivision and C.T.H. “Z". Once 
convened by a quorum it may be continued to another date and time in the event of 
inclement weather. Three (3) members shall constitute a quorum. Each Lot I Unit shall 
be entitled to one vote regardless of how many persons or entities own the Lot / Unit. 

2. There shall be elected at the annual meeting a President, Vice President and 
Secretary/Treasurer of the Association. With the exception of the Secretary/Treasurer, 
these individuals must be owners of an interest in a Lot / Unit, or owners of an entity 
owning an interest in a Lot / Unit. They shall constitute the Board of Directors and shall 
remain in office until their successors are elected. The President shall be responsible for 
chairing the Association meeting and making decisions on behalf of the Association, 
minor in nature, which are intended to and do serve to implement decisions made by 
members at an annual or special meeting. The Vice President shall act in place of the 
President when the President is unable to so act. The Secretary/Treasurer shall maintain 
minutes and records of meetings and books of accounts, and shall hold funds received in 
a non-interest bearing account. Initially the President shall be Kevin Swan, the Vice President 
shall be David Swan, and the Secretary/Treasurer shall be Kevin Swan.

3. There shall be no compensation paid to the President or Vice President of the 
Association. Reasonable Compensation may be paid to a Secretary/Treasurer to 
maintain the accounts and records of the Association.

4. At the annual meeting the members shall determine what maintenance and upgrading 
work, if any, should be done to the private road in the ensuing year, make decisions 
concerning snowplowing and similar maintenance services, address maintenance issues 
with respect to stormwater management ponds and, with respect to those members who 
own a Lot / Unit which is or can be connected to the CSS, those members shall 
determine what maintenance, repair, and the like should be conducted with respect to the 
CSS. Assessments shall be made and levied accordingly. The members shall set a date 
by which assessments should be paid to the Secretary/Treasurer. The assessment 
levied may include a reasonable surcharge so as to maintain a contingency fund for 
unexpected expenses or cost overruns.

5. The Board of Directors, which shall be composed of the President, Vice President and 
Secretary/Treasurer shall be and remain the only Association representatives entitled to 
represent the Association on any matters pertaining to the road and the stormwater 
management ponds, including any communications with local, County and State officials. 
Similarly, the Board of Directors, or the special committee appointed for that purpose if 
such a special committee is so appointed, shall be and remain the only representatives 
entitled to represent the Association on any matters pertaining to the CSS, including any 
communications with local, County and State officials.

6. The Board of Directors (or special committee appointed with respect to the CSS) shall, 
between annual and special meetings, be responsible for all decisions concerning 
maintenance, inspection, repair and replacement as necessary, of the road, stormwater 
management ponds and CSS.

7. A Special meeting of the Association may be called by any two members of the Board or 
by any five (5) or more members of the Association. A special meeting shall be preceded 
by a written notice served upon each of the members personally or by regular mail at 
least 72 hours in advance of a meeting. The notice can be waived in writing. Where 
more than one person owns a parcel then notice may be served upon any one of the 
owners. Special meetings shall take place at the same place as the annual meetings. 
A quorum shall consist of three (3) members.

8. A majority of votes cast at a duly called annual or special meeting, at which a quorum is 
present, shall prevail on any question before the Association except that neither the 
Declaration nor the Articles of Incorporation, may be amended without at least a 75% 
majority vote of all members, whether present or not at the meeting, in favor of the 
amendment. No assessment shall be made or levied against members for installation of 
blacktop or curb and gutter on the private road except in the event at least 80% of the 
members have approved such an assessment by written agreement. 



VI. ASSESSMENTS; LIENS

A. The assessment to be paid by each member shall be determined at the annual meeting 
and shall be paid by the member to the Secretary/Treasurer on or before July 1 of the 
year assessed. Assessments may also be levied at a special meeting, noticed for that 
purpose, and the due date for payment of same shall be established at such meeting. In 
the event the funds on hand by the Secretary/Treasurer are insufficient to pay the cost of 
current billing an additional assessment may be made by the Board of Directors; 
however, a meeting at which the Board of Directors propose to make any special assessments 
shall be preceded by written notice of the date, time and place of the 
meeting and the notice shall be served upon each member at least 72 hours in advance 
of said meeting.

B. The Treasurer may maintain the Corporation’s accounts in his or her own name, under 
his or her own social security number, provided both the President and Vice President 
are also authorized signers on the account and further provided that at least two 
signatures are required for each check issued on the account

C. LIENS.

1. A member, in mortgaging or conveying his/her/their parcel, shall convey with it the non- 
exclusive right to use the road and to benefit from the stormwater management ponds 
and, if their lot is so served, by the CSS, subject to each and every of these terms and 
provisions, but no member may be permitted to place a lien upon the premises unless 
authorized and approved by unanimous approval of the Association. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing sentence, any conveyance of any lot shall be subject to and together with all of 
the rights, duties and obligations imposed by this Declaration, and subject to any liens 
created hereby or hereunder. It is expressly understood and agreed that any mortgage 
given by any member on his/her/their premises shall not be a lien against the road, 
stormwater management ponds, or CSS, but shall include ingress, egress, and utility 
purposes, including the non-exclusive right to use the road.

2. In the event a member fails to maintain the unpaved portion of the premises adjacent to 
his/her/their lot, e.g. mowing, or in the event a member causes damage to the road and 
fails to promptly repair same, then the Association may pay for same and assess the cost 
thereof to the member. The said cost must be paid to the Association by the member 
within seven (7) days of assessment.

3. Any assessment levied against a member which remains unpaid beyond its due date 
shall be a lien against the member’s Lot/Unit and this Declaration shall and does hereby 
constitute notice of such lien. The due date referred to in the preceding paragraph is that 
date established in this Declaration or otherwise established by the members at an 
annual or special meeting, or by the Board of Directors. Therefore, any purchaser or 
mortgagee of any Lot/Unit is hereby placed on notice that he/she/it should contact 
the Secretary/Treasurerto determine whether any assessments are unpaid and are 
liens against the lot/unit before purchasing or taking a mortgage upon said Lot / 
Unit.

4. Where any Owner of a Lot / Unit fails to promptly and timely pay any assessment due 
under this Declaration they shall pay to the Association three hundred dollars ($300.00) 
as liquidated damages, the amount of the assessment together with Interest from the 
date due until paid at the rate of one and one half percent (1 %%) per month (18% per 
annum) and, in the event legal action or legal advice or consultation is deemed 
necessary by the Board of Directors to enforce or create said lien, then all reasonable 
attorney’s fees incurred by the Association in connection therewith, regardless whether 
court action is actually undertaken, and in the event court action is undertaken, then also 
all costs, disbursements and attorneys fees associated therewith.


D. ENFORCEMENT

The provisions Of this Declaration may be enforced by the Declarant or the Board of 
Directors, by proceedings at law or in equity, against any person or persons violating, or 
attempting to violate, the same. Such action may seek to recover damages and/or obtain 
injunctive relief. A Lot / Unit owner may bring notice of a violation of these covenants and 
restrictions to the attention of the Board of Directois by putting such notice in writing. 
The Board of Directors shall have thirty days to review the complaint and either dismiss it or 
take action against the violating Lot / Unit owner. The offending Lot / Unit owner shall 
have the opportunity for a hearing before the Board should they desire one.



VII. EXISTING ROAD

A. An existing private drive currently runs across Lots Forty (40) and Forty One (41) plus Lot 
One (1) through Eleven (11) of the Subdivision and serves a dwelling located on Lot 
Eleven (11). Said Lots will be subject to an easement for this existing road which shall 
provide ingress and egress to other owners of Lots in the Subdivision until construction is 
complete with respect to the roads shown on the Subdivision plat. Construction shall be 
complete when the final course of gravel has been placed upon said road and graded. 
Thereupon the easement imposed upon said Lots with respect to the existing road shall 
terminate and any portion of the existing road lying upon any said lol shall be deemed the 
property of each respective Lot Owner. 

VIII. EASEMENTS

A. Lots 1,13, 14, 15, 20, 22, 23, 25, 29, 30, 32 and 41 and Unit 2 are subject to the 
drainage easements shown in the plat of the Subdivision. Lot Forty (40) of the 
Subdivision (now Unit 1 of the Condominium) and Lot Forty One (41) are subject to a 
twenty (20) foot emergency access easement as shown on the plat of the Subdivision. 
Lots Thirty (30) and Thirty One (31) are subject to a vision triangle easement as shown 
on the plat of the Subdivision.

B. All Lots and Units are subject to a utility easement in favor of Dunn County Electric, SBC 
(AT&T, INC) and the Town of Eau Galle, and any other public utilities as may need to use 
same for utility purposes, adjoining the road which runs adjacent to each said Lot I Unit, 
as more particularly shown on the Subdivision plat. This easement is for the purpose of 
installation, maintenance and repair of the said utility services.

C. Lots one (1) through fourteen (14) and Units Two (2) through Nine (9) are subject to 
easements for purposes of stormwater management steps as determined by the Dunn 
County Land Conservation District and DNR.

D. In addition, any other easements or restrictions shown on the plat of the Subdivision is 
hereby incorporated by reference and made a part hereof as though set fully forth herein 
and the conveyance of any Lot/Unit in the Subdivision is subject thereto as shown on the 
plat of the Subdivision.



IX. SEVERABILITY

Invalidation of any one of these covenants by judgment or court order shall not affect any 
of the other provisions, which shall remain in full force and effect.



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

AMENDMENT #1 TO
DECLARATION OF BY-LAWS OF
MAJESTIC WOODS SOUTH ASSOCIATION, LTD
AND
COVENANTS AND RESTRICTIONS OF 
MAJESTIC WOODS SOUTH SUBDIVISION

The original Declaration was recorded In the Dunn County Register of Deeds office on
March 17,2000 as Document #532410 

This Amendment authored November 17,2006
Majestic Woods South Association, Ltd (hereinafter 'Association"), being a duly 
organized Wisconsin non-stock corporation, and Majestic Woods, LLC (hereinafter "Declarant') 
as owner of Lots Fifteen (15) through Twenty (20) and Thirty Two (32) through Forty One (41) of 
the plat of Majestic Woods South Subdivision, do hereby make the following amendments to toe 
Declaration of Covenants and Restrictions of Majestic Woods South Subdivision filed in toe Dunn 
County Register of Deeds office on March 17,2006 as Document #532418 and declare them 
herein to be effective immediately and to run with said Lots.


I. PURPOSE.

The purpose of this Amendment is to:

• Further protect toe woods found on toe associated Lots

• To preserve the natural beauty of said property

• To ensure an enhanced level of privacy for, and between, Lots 
And thereby to preserve and enhance the values of investments made by purchasers of 
the Lots.



II. APPLICABILITY.

The terms of this Amendment shall apply ONLY to Lots Fifteen (15) through Twenty (20) 
and Thirty Two (32) through Forty One (41) of Majestic Woods South.



Ill. BUILDING SETBACKS

The following two provisions shall apply to toe placement of any structure on the Lots 
specified in Section II above:

• No structure of any kind shall be built within thirty five (35) feet from any lot line 
shared by another Lot within Majestic Woods South

• No structure of any kind shall be built within one hundred (100) feet of any 
portion of a lot line along the road (Lots 18 and 20 are exempt from this 
provision)

In the event that a Lot owner feels these provisions would create undue hardship, an 
appeal for an exception may be made to toe Declarant. If Declarant agrees extenuating 
circumstances exist and that adhering to these setbacks would cause undue hardship, 
Declarant MAY permit an exception; express written consent from toe Declarant must be 
obtained in advance of construction.



IV. LIMITATIONS ON TREE REMOVAL ON ENTIRETY OF LOT

Tire concept of a "view corridor (as mentioned in III, I, 3 on page 5 of the original 
Covenant document) does not apply to toe Lots specified in Section II of tots 
Amendment For those Lots specified in Section II, a Lot owner is only permitted to 
remove trees for purposes of construction of their home and attached deck and/or patio, 
a garage or storage building, driveway, and septic system. The additional following 
guidelines apply:

• No more than twenty (20) feet of vegetation may be removed for the width of a 
driveway

• Only the vegetation required to be removed for a septic system may be removed 

• Except for the driveway and septic system, no tree with a circumference greater 
than fifteen (15) inches measured at its widest point may be removed outside a 
distance of forty (40) feet from the footprint of a dwelling, garage or detached 
shed or storage building. This provision does not encourage the removal of trees 
within this forty (40) foot area; it merely stipulates an outer perimeter. Trees 
should be removed within Ulis forty foot area only if absolutely necessary.

• Under no circumstances shall a tree be removed for any purposes, even as a 
result of construction, within twenty (20) feet of any Lot line shared with another 
Lot of Majestic Woods South.



VI. PENALTY FOR VIOLATION OF TREE REMOVAL

Any violation of the Covenants outlined above regarding the protection of trees on the Lot 
shall be subject to the fines outlined in III, I. 5 on page five of the original Covenant 
document.



VII. SEVERABILITY
Invalidation of any one of these covenants by judgment or court order shall not affect any 
of the other provisions, which shall remain in full force and effect.



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

SECOND AMENDMENT TO DECLARATION
OF
BY-LAWS OF MAJESTIC WOODS SOUTH ASSOCIATION LTD.
AND
COVENANTS AND RESTRICTIONS OF MAJESTIC WOODS SOUTH SUBDIVISION

This Second Amendment to declaration of By-Laws of Majestic Woods South Association Ltd. 
and covenants and Restrictions of Majestic Woods South Subdivision is made by 
MAJESTIC WOODS SOUTH ASSOCIATION, LTD., a Wisconsin non-stock corporation 
("Association"), and ("Declarant"), effective July 31, 2009.


RECITALS

A. On January 27, 2006, Association and Declarant executed the Declaration of By- 
laws of Majestic Woods South Association, Ltd. and Covenants and Restrictions of Majestic 
Woods South Subdivision (the "Declaration").

B. The Declaration was recorded in the office of the Dunn County Register of Deeds 
on March 17, 2006 as Document No. 532418.

C. The Declaration was amended by Amendment No. 1 to Covenants and 
Restrictions of Majestic Woods South Subdivision, dated November 17, 2006, recorded in the 
office of the Dunn County Register of Deeds on December 1, 2006, as Document No. 539367 
(the “First Amendment”).

D. The Declaration and the First Amendment provide for certain maintenance and 
construction obligations relating to shared property and utilities, which provisions 
Declarant is modifying to reflect the market conditions and progress of the development 
and which changes Association agrees to make.

E. The Association and the Declarant have the authority and majority control to 
further amend the Declaration pursuant to its terms and desire to do so.

NOW, THEREFORE, the Association and the Declarant amend the Declaration and the 
First Amendment as follows:

1. The Declaration references 41 lots, numbered 1-41; however, Lot I and Lot 41 of 
the plat of Majestic Woods South have now been platted as Units I and 2 of the plat of 
Majestic Woods South Condominiums. Any reference to the formerly described lots shall 
be understood to mean the lots as actually platted.

2. Section III. USE RESTRICTIONS C. STRUCTURES, shall be amended to replace the first 
clause as follows:

Each Lot which is improved with a dwelling shall have a minimum above grade living 
area of 740 square feet, which square footage can be on one or two levels, but must 
be above grade. If the Lot is improved with a basement or crawl space, such area is 
not to be included in the required minimum living area.

Each Lot may be improved with a garage, attached or unattached to the dwelling. However, 
in no case shall the area of the garage count toward tire required minimum living area 
of 740 square feet.

The dwelling shall also be subject to the following additional requirements:

1. The height of the home shall be not more than thirty-five (35) feet.

2. DELETE ENTIRELY.

*Items 3-5 remain in current form.*

6. All exterior surfaces of any structure on the Lot shall be made of either 
wood, stucco, stone, brick, vinyl, steel siding or any other commonly used 
exterior surface. James Hardy or Certainteed materials are acceptable as 
long as they are of the wood grain variety. Exterior colors must be earth 
tones.

*The balance of Section III(C) remains in its current form.*

3. Section III. USE RESTRICTIONS E. BUILDING SETBACKS, ZONING, 
REGULATIONS, shall be amended by adding the following sentence:

This provision shall apply to all Lots and Units in that the setbacks for each Lot or 
Unit shall be controlled by relevant, current zoning ordinances.

4. Section III of the First Amendment, BUILDING SETBACKS, shall be deleted 
entirely and of no further force or effect.

5. Section IV. MAINTENANCE AND UTILITIES; C. COMMUNITY SEPTIC 
SYSTEM, shall be deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:

C. SEPTIC SYSTEMS

Each Lot/Unit owner shall individually decide how to address the septic requirements 
of any dwelling they choose to build and shall be responsible for the cost of any planning, 
installation, inspection, maintenance, operation or repair required for each lot’s or unit’s 
individual septic requirements. Lot/Unit owners may elect to join with other Lot/Unit owners
to plan, install and maintain a responsible for installation of a common sanitary system. The 
decision and expense will be solely the responsibility of the Lot/Unit owners. If installed, the 
costs of such installation, maintenance and repair shall be shared equally by all 
Lot/Unit owners access the common sanitary system. 

In no case will the Association or the Declarant be responsible for installation of septic 
service to any lot or unit.

6. Except as set forth herein, the Declaration and tire First Amendment shall remain in 
full force and effect.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

THIRD AMENDMENT TO DECLARATION
OF
BY-LAWS OF MAJESTIC WOODS SOUTH ASSOCIATION LTD.
AND
COVENANTS AND RESTRICTIONS OF MAJESTIC WOODS SOUTH SUBDIVISION

This third Amendment to Declaration of By-laws of Majestic Woods South Association 
Ltd. and Covenants and Restrictions of Majestic Woods South Subdivision is made by 
MAJESTIC WOODS SOUTH ASSOCIATION, LTD., a Wisconsin non-stock corporation 
(Association"), and NORTHVIEW BANK, a Minnesota state-chartered commercial banking 
corporation. ("Successor  Declarant") as successor to Majestic Woods, LLC, a 
Minnesota limited liability company, ("Declarant”) effective September 17, 2010.

RECITALS

A. On January 27. 2006, Association and Declarant executed the Declaration of By- 
laws of Majestic Woods South Association, Ltd. and Covenants and Restrictions  
of Majestic Woods South Subdivision, which was recorded in the office of the Dunn County 
Register of Deeds on March 17. 2006 as Document No. 532418 (the "Declaration").

B. The Declaration was amended by Amendment No. 1 to Covenants and Restrictions 
of Majestic Woods South Subdivision, dated November 17, 2006, recorded in the 
office of the Dunn County Register of Deeds on December 1, 2006, as Document No. 539367 
(the "First Amendment").

C. The Declaration was further amended by Second Amendment to Declaration of 
By-laws of Majestic Woods South Association Ltd. and Covenants and Restrictions of Majestic 
Woods South Subdivision, dated July 31, 2009, recorded in the office of the Dunn County 
Register of Deeds on October 27, 2009, as Document No. 567708 
(the “Second Amendment”).

D. The Declaration, the First Amendment and the Second Amendment are 
collectively referred to as the “Declaration, as Amended.”

E. The Association and the Successor Declarant have the authority and majority 
control to further amend the Declaration pursuant to its terms and desire to do so.
NOW. THEREFORE, the Association and the Successor Declarant amend the Declaration      
as Amended as follows:

1. The Declaration as Amended is further amended to remove certain lots located in 
the plat of Majestic Woods South (the  Plat”) and a portion of the private road running in a 
northerly and southerly direction and adjacent to said lots, designated on the Plat as “306th 
Street" from the obligations, covenants and restrictions of the Declaration. The property being 
removed from the Declaration as Amended is described in Exhibit A and illustrated in Exhibit 
B. attached hereto and made a part hereof.

2. Section III. USE RESTRICTIONS A. PRIVATE ROAD, shall be amended to add 
Sections 7 and 8 as follows:

7. The road has been modified to eliminate the spur of "3O6'h Street" which runs 
northerly and southerly between Lots 21, 22, 23, 24, 25 and 30, Majestic Woods South, or 
Lots 26. 27, 28 and 29 of Dunn County Certified Survey Map No. 3614, recorded 
December 27, 2007, in Vol. 17 of S.M., pg. 64. as Doc. No. 549579 (previously  described 
as Lots 26, 27, 28 and 29, Majestic Woods South).

8. The road shall not benefit Lots 21, 22, 23, 24, 25 and 30, Majestic Woods 
South, or Lots 26, 27, 28 and 29 of Dunn County Certified Survey Map No. 3614, 
recorded December 27, 2007, in Vol. 17 of S.M., pg. 64, as Doc. No. 549579 (previously 
described as Lots 26, 27, 28 and 29, Majestic Woods South) and the owners of such 
property shall not benefit from any easement over the road.


3. Section III. USE RESTRICTIONS F. EASEMENTS, shall be amended by adding 
the following:

Nothing herein shall be interpreted to grant an easement for ingress and egress to 
Lots 21, 22, 23, 24, 25 and 30, Majestic Woods South, or Lots 26, 27, 28 and 29 
of Dunn County Certified Survey Map No. 3614, recorded December 27, 2007, in 
Vol. 17 of S.M., pg. 64, as Doc. No. 549579 (previously described as Lots 26, 27, 
28 and 29, Majestic Woods South) over the road as defined above.

4. Section IV. MAINTENANCE AND UTILITIES; A. SHARED MAINTENANCE 
OF THE ROAD, shall be deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:

All Owners of Lots/Units in the Subdivision and the Condominium Plat (with the 
exception of Lots 41, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25 and 30, Majestic Woods South, or Lots 
26, 27, 28 and 29 of Dunn County Certified Survey Map No. 3614, recorded 
December 27, 2007, in Vol. 17 of S.M., pg. 64, as Doc. No. 549579 (previously 
described as Lots 26, 27, 28 and 29, Majestic Woods South) whose owners will 
not use the private road) shall share equally in the right to use and in the 
obligation to maintain and repair the road. Any expense, other than contracted 
snow removal and grading, which is in excess of one hundred dollars ($100) per 
Lot/Unit per calendar year must be expressly agreed upon by at least two-thirds 
majority vote of all members. Each Lot/Unit is entitled to one vote as set forth at 
paragraph 5D.

5. Except as set forth herein, the Declaration as Amended shall remain in full force 
and effect.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Association and the Successor Declarant have executed 
this Third Amendment as of the date first set forth above.

EXHIBIT A

Legal Description of Property to be Removed from the Declaration as Amended

Lots 21,22, 23. 24, 25 and 30, Majestic Woods South.
Lots 26. 27. 28 and 29 of Dunn County Certified Survey Map No. 3614. recorded December 27. 
2007. in Vol. 17 of S.M., pg. 64. as Doc. No. 549579; consisting of Lots 26. 27. 28 and 29. 
Majestic Woods South, located in the NE 1/4 of the NW 1/4 of Section 31, and in the SE 1/4 of the 
SW 1/4 of Section 30. all in Township 26 North, Range 13 West, Town of Eau Galle, Dunn 
County, Wisconsin.

Together with an appurtenant, permanent, non-exclusive easement for ingress and egress over 
the private road shown on the recorded plat of Majestic Woods South recorded January 3. 2006, 
in Vol. 8 of Plats, pg. 74, as Doc. No. 530410.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
